README.md, before:

# Mojo-Poker
Poker client and server built with the Mojolicious Web Framework.

## Features
The following 28 poker variants work out-of-the-box:
Dealer's Choice, Hold'em, Hold'em Jokers Wild, Pineapple, Crazy Pineapple, Omaha, Omaha Hi-Lo, 5 Card Omaha, 5 Card Omaha Hi-Lo, Courcheval, Courcheval Hi-Lo, 5 Card Draw, 5 Card Draw Deuces Wild, 2-7 Single Draw, 2-7 Triple Draw, A-5 Single Draw, A-5 Triple Draw, 7 Card Stud, 7 Card Stud Jokers Wild, 7 Card Stud Hi-Lo, Razz, High Chicago, Follow the Queen, The Bitch, Badugi, Badacey, Badeucy. 

See [SCREENSHOT.png](https://github.com/mojopoker/Mojo-Poker/blob/master/SCREENSHOT.png)

## Install
Tested on Ubuntu 16.04. Other distros might require tweaking.
Begin with a newly installed, "clean" install of Ubuntu 16.04.
Issue the following commands in your terminal session:

    cd /tmp
    git clone https://github.com/nathanielgraham/Mojo-Poker.git
    cd Mojo-Poker
    sudo ./install

## Starting the server
Issue the following command in your terminal session:

    sudo /opt/mojopoker/script/mojopoker.pl

Now point your browser at http://localhost:3000

## Creating new tables 
To create a new six handed No-Limit Hold'em table, issue the following command:

    /opt/mojopoker/script/mpadmin.pl create_ring -game_class holdem -limit NL -chair_count 6

See mpadmin.pl --help for a complete list of options. 

##  Creating a robot opponent
An example Robot (Bender) is included in the most recent release.  
To launch Bender on table 1, issue the following command:

    /opt/mojopoker/script/bender.pl 1

See [Poker::Robot](https://metacpan.org/pod/Poker::Robot) for details. 

## Admin tool
mpadmin.pl is an command-line ultility for creating and deleting ring games, editing player info, crediting chips, and other admin tasks.  For a complete list of options, type:

    sudo /opt/mojopoker/script/mpadmin.pl --help 

## Advanced websocket shell
wsshell.pl is a command-line utility for sending JSON encoded WebSocket messages directly to the server. Useful for automating certain tasks. For example, to bulk loading many games at once, issue the following command in your terminal session:

    sudo /opt/mojopoker/script/wsshell.pl < /opt/mojopoker/db/example_games

## Contact
Send questions and bug reports to ngraham@cpan.org

## TODO 
- [ ] Add support for tournaments
- [ ] Change hand evaluator to [Poker::Eval](https://metacpan.org/pod/Poker::Eval)

## COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
Copyright (C) 2019, Nathaniel J. Graham

This program is free software, you can redistribute it and/or modify it
nder the terms of the Artistic License version 2.0.
https://dev.perl.org/licenses/artistic.html

Commit message:

Added documentation for running in production

README.md, after:

# Mojo-Poker
Poker client and server built with the Mojolicious Web Framework.

## Features
The following 28 poker variants work out-of-the-box:
Dealer's Choice, Hold'em, Hold'em Jokers Wild, Pineapple, Crazy Pineapple, Omaha, Omaha Hi-Lo, 5 Card Omaha, 5 Card Omaha Hi-Lo, Courcheval, Courcheval Hi-Lo, 5 Card Draw, 5 Card Draw Deuces Wild, 2-7 Single Draw, 2-7 Triple Draw, A-5 Single Draw, A-5 Triple Draw, 7 Card Stud, 7 Card Stud Jokers Wild, 7 Card Stud Hi-Lo, Razz, High Chicago, Follow the Queen, The Bitch, Badugi, Badacey, Badeucy. 

See [SCREENSHOT.png](https://github.com/mojopoker/Mojo-Poker/blob/master/SCREENSHOT.png)

## Install
Tested on Ubuntu 16.04. Other distros might require tweaking.
Begin with a newly installed, "clean" install of Ubuntu 16.04.
Issue the following commands in your terminal session:

    cd /tmp
    git clone https://github.com/nathanielgraham/Mojo-Poker.git
    cd Mojo-Poker
    sudo ./install

## Starting the server
Issue the following command in your terminal session:

    sudo /opt/mojopoker/script/mojopoker.pl

Now point your browser at http://localhost:3000

## Creating new tables 
To create a new six handed No-Limit Hold'em table, issue the following command:

    /opt/mojopoker/script/mpadmin.pl create_ring -game_class holdem -limit NL -chair_count 6

See mpadmin.pl --help for a complete list of options. 

##  Creating a robot opponent
An example Robot (Bender) is included in the most recent release.  
To launch Bender on table 1, issue the following command:

    /opt/mojopoker/script/bender.pl 1

See [Poker::Robot](https://metacpan.org/pod/Poker::Robot) for details. 

## Admin tool
mpadmin.pl is an command-line ultility for creating and deleting ring games, editing player info, crediting chips, and other admin tasks.  For a complete list of options, type:

    sudo /opt/mojopoker/script/mpadmin.pl --help 

## Advanced websocket shell
wsshell.pl is a command-line utility for sending JSON encoded WebSocket messages directly to the server. Useful for automating certain tasks. For example, to bulk loading many games at once, issue the following command in your terminal session:

    sudo /opt/mojopoker/script/wsshell.pl < /opt/mojopoker/db/example_games

## Running in production
The recommended setup is SSL + nginx as a reverse proxy. See [Mojolicious::Guides::Cookbook](https://mojolicious.org/perldoc/Mojolicious/Guides/CookbookMojolicious) for example setups. 

## Contact
Send questions and bug reports to ngraham@cpan.org

## TODO 
- [ ] Add support for tournaments
- [ ] Change hand evaluator to [Poker::Eval](https://metacpan.org/pod/Poker::Eval)

## COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
Copyright (C) 2019, Nathaniel J. Graham

This program is free software, you can redistribute it and/or modify it
nder the terms of the Artistic License version 2.0.
https://dev.perl.org/licenses/artistic.html
